My sun rule had advanced, which increased my strength immediately, but this increment is useless in my current condition.
I am currently in a place where my strength means nothing; even I had the strength of the Horseman, it would still be useless. The heat around me would have burned it into the ashes within a second.
The only reason I am alive is due to the amazing feather which I had been continuously charging for months and also due to precious treasure. My own strength is playing no part in where I am, just my knowledge.
I have begun to walk again as there are only twenty miles for me to reach my target but reaching there would not be easy, and I might die if the slightest problem had occurred to my armor. Thankfully, everything seemed fine right now.
Three hours pa.s.sed by, and I crossed another five miles and four hours later, another five leaving only ten miles to reach my target.
As the temperature increase, I am consuming the energy in the feather rapidly. The energy that took me days to fill, I am expanding it at minutes, and the more distance I cover, the greater the energy of the feather is going to be spent.
I have been continuously keeping track of it, and if it reaches the critical level before I reach my target, I will abandon this goal without a second thought, even if I am a step away from reaching my goal.
Four and half hours pa.s.sed by, and I have crossed another five miles and got an even clearer picture of the globe which again couldn't help but shock me.
I have recorded everything I am seeing; I will a.n.a.lyze it after I leave this place, and I am sure I will get immense benefits after I finish a.n.a.lyzing it. My sun rule would advance again from the insight I gain; I have no doubt about it.
About two hours pa.s.sed when I suddenly stopped, the extreme strain began to appear on my armor. Currently, my armor is handling strain fine, the resources I have used are helping me a lot, but as the temperature increases, it is going to make things difficult for me.
Seeing the strain, I became even more careful, and as I walked, I kept an eye on the smallest part of my armor.
Dhub!
Two and half hours pa.s.sed when a sudden change occurred; a part below my kneed caved under pressure.
It had stopped me in my tracks for a couple of seconds before I continued moving. The denting is not serious as it looks; it is just like a minor accident that had done damage but only on the surface.
Just like that happened to my armor, but it had made me extremely cautious that now, I am using the full power of my soul sense. If I see a single big problem that could take my life, I am out of here, and for it, I have already made the preparations.
Dhub Dhub Dhub…
Repeated noises rang out as many parts of my armor began to cave in as I walked on the last mile. With each step I take, a new dent would appear at the same time, I would reach closer to my destination.
It had become a sort of race whether my armor caved into the degree that I would be forced to retreat or I would reach my target first.
Minutes felt like an hour as sweat piled up on my body, and this sweat had nothing to do with the heat outside, at least not directly. 
I am extremely tense and is want to find a solid reason to get away, even when I was a few hundred meters away from reaching my goal.
No goal is more important than my life.
Still, even after my armor caved at hundred places, I did not find any solid reason to leave; it was just the cavings. 
I was not detecting any fracture forming that would kill me, so I continued walking with my whole body shaking and sweating as I watched the energy in the feather draining rapidly; in half an hour, the energy in the feather would be spent enough that I would have to leave.
"You Can Stop Now, You Have Reached Close Enough." Said the Ancient voice inside me suddenly, letting me exhale the breath I did not know I was holding.
I had thought I would have to walk at least three hundred meters more before I reached my target, but it seemed like I was wrong, and I had never been so happy about being wrong.
This small journey was even more dangerous than the most dangerous battle I had ever fought, and I would fight an even more dangerous battle than facing something like it; it is a truly horrifying experience, and I really hope the risk would be worth it.
I had just thought that when I noticed primordial green runes coming out of me. It had been very long since I had seen the primordial runes; the last time I had seen them was when these green runes were sucking the life out of abomination, which has been merged into my sword
The heat did not seem to affect these primordial runes as they moved toward the globe without any problem and, in a matter of seconds, reached the globe.
As they reached the globe, they began to spread around it, but suddenly they did something which shocked the h.e.l.l out of me.
These primordial green runes began to seep inside the globe without any problem, and as far as I could see, they were not getting destroyed, which is quite hard to believe. Considering the temperature inside the globe is thousands of times hotter, these runes are just fine.
The runes kept coming out for about thirteen minutes, and in these thirteen minutes, the primordial runes have spread inside and outside of the globe of fire with a bridge of primordial runes connecting it to me.
